Another cool thing you can do whenever you initialize a set is you can actually pass in an array.
So I'll go and create an array will do Konst are and then we'll do something like 1 2 3 3 3 4 4 5 5
5 like so now whenever I do this and then I initialize my set I'll do our set new set I can initialize
my set and pass in this array.
And what it's going to do is the constructor is going to take care of this and iterate through this
array right here.
It can actually iterate through anything that's it a ratable but it's going to take out all of the duplicates
right here.
And by default only put one unique value in each member of the set or in each part of the set.
So now if I do counselled or log or set size like so you see a prince out of 5.
And as you can see there's only five unique numbers here.
So it completely gets rid of the duplicates which is pretty nice.
And then last but not least if you want to check if a value is actually on your array.
You can just cancel it out log to show it or to see it do are set.
Spell it right has DOT has method and then whatever you want to test for us in this case file in a test
for two.
You can see it's true.
And if I test for A-6 it's going to be false and I can test the other array too.
So I can.
Or the other set.
So I can do cons. not log said-I has and then maybe check for a key one which should still be available
unless I commented it out and you could see it does have that available.
And if I just type in a random object that's going to be false because those are not the same references.